README.md, before:


# Note Taker

#### Note Taker  [TheAnswer07](https://github.com/TheAnswer07)

#### Note_Taker

## Table of Contents:
* [Project Description](#project-description)
* [User Story](#username)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contribution](#contribution)
* [GitHub Profile Link](#github-profile)
* [GitHub App Link](#links)
* [Screenshots:](#screenshots)
    1. [x](#x)
    2. [y](#y)
    3. [z](#z)



### Project Description:
This Note Taker application has been created in order to be used to write and save notes.

### User Story:

AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

### Credits:
Thanks to Michael Scharfas (2017mike) for all the considerable support connected with building this app.

### Features:

X

### Contribution:
You can contribute to this project by accessing my GitHub page.

### GitHub Profile Link:
[GitHub](https://github.com/TheAnswer07)

### Links:
[GitHub App Link](https://note-taker-md.herokuapp.com/)

### Screenshots:

1. X

![x]( "x")

2. Y

![y]( "y")

3. Z

![z]( "z")

Commit message:

Screenshots of application added to README file

README.md, after:


# Note Taker

#### Note Taker  [TheAnswer07](https://github.com/TheAnswer07)

#### Note_Taker

## Table of Contents:
* [Project Description](#project-description)
* [User Story](#username)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contribution](#contribution)
* [GitHub Profile Link](#github-profile)
* [Heroku App Link](#links)
* [Screenshots:](#screenshots)
    1. [Note being added to application](#Note-being-added-to-application)
    2. [Note successfully added to application](#Note-successfully-added-to-application)
    3. [Application with 2 deleted notes](#Application-with-2-deleted-notes)



### Project Description:
This Note Taker application has been created in order to be used to write and save notes.

### User Story:

AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

### Credits:
Thanks to Michael Scharfas (2017mike) for all the considerable support connected with building this app.

### Features:

Different sections to add tittle for individual notes as well as the notes themselves | Option to save and/or delete notes.

### Contribution:
You can contribute to this project by accessing my GitHub page.

### GitHub Profile Link:
[GitHub](https://github.com/TheAnswer07)

### Links:
[Heroku App Link](https://note-taker-md.herokuapp.com/)

### Screenshots:

1. Note being added to application:

![Note being added to application](public/assets/screenshots/Note%20being%20added%20to%20application.png "Note being added to application")

2. Note successfully added to application:

![Note successfully added to application](public/assets/screenshots/Note%20successfully%20added%20to%20application.png "Note successfully added to application")

3. Application with 2 deleted notes:

![Application with 2 deleted notes](public/assets/screenshots/Application%20with%202%20deleted%20notes.png "Application with 2 deleted notes")
